{"labels":["pvalue","ci","violin","gradient","comments"],"feedback":["Pro: Includes both CI and p-value, which is useful to know.\n\nCon: Hard to present multiple results in this form. It's OK if it's a few comparisons, but unwieldy for many. Also, we throw away other potentially useful information. ","Pro: Widely used, so people understand you. Allows to include multiple groups, etc in a plot to more easily compare them than with text.\n\nCon: Only have information on quantiles for 95% CI and point estimate, so inefficient use of space. ","Pro: More information, since width tells you about pdf so area is more informative.\n\nCons: Hard to see higher quantiles, de-emphasizes 95% CIs in favor of the mean.","Good: Better use of space, visualizing the distribution\n\nCons: Not using width information, so area is not proportional to probability.","Notes:\n\n1) I think it may be a good idea to clarify under which context one would express the confidence in this result. I think that in general I'd be a bit more skeptical of claiming an effect in a scientific publication than in my personal beliefs after seeing the data. I think of this as having different priors, with the prior being biased towards no effect in a scientific publication, especially in marginal cases. This is because we know there may sometimes be p-hacking or other questionable analysis practices going on. In retrospective, I think this may have influenced my ratings, since the first two cases look more like the style you commonly see in scientific publications.\n\n2) I think in most cases I'd also like to see a control group (placebo or no drug) side-by-side to compare the distributions to attempt to control for other factors besides the drug. I tried to ignore this to avoid just giving low confidence to everything (especially for the latter cases after I realized this information isn't there in any of the presented data), but I wouldn't necessarily be very confident about this result in any of these cases without this other data. I guess it's OK if we just want to compare the before and after weight of the patients, but I'd worry about the drug actually causing the effect and not some other factor (e.g. diet change in a holiday, change in measurement equipment, etc.). I realize that the point of this is not the drug study and just the visualization, but retrospectively, I think this probably influenced my confidence in the results downwards for the first two formats, until I realized this was missing in all cases.\n\n3) You may already be doing this, but I suggest randomizing the order at which you present these options to people. For reasons like the above, I believe that the ordering will matter, since one tends to unconsciously \"calibrate\" results based on previous answers.\n\n4) I found myself falling into a suspiciously bimodal rating scheme, despite supposedly knowing better... I think that we definitely need research to help us better visualize these things, so keep it up!"],"rank":["3","4","2","1"]}